1. Implementing a sequential web proxy
    1. proxy listen for incoming connection on a port
    2. proxy read the entirety of client request, parse it.
    3. check if a valid HTTP request
    4. if so, proxy establish a connection to server, request what client specified.
    5. proxy read server's response, forward it to the client.
    6. use port number generated by port-for-user.pl
2. Dealing with multiple concurrent requests

3. Caching web objects
    1. add a cache to proxy that stores recently-used web objects in memory.
    2. cache should have a maximum cache size and a maximum cache object size.
    3. only count bytes used to store the actual web data, any other bytes should be ignored.
    4. use LRU as cache replacement policy
    5. access to cache should be thread-safe, only one thread should be permitted to write, and multiple can read at the same time.
    6. Pthreads readers-writers lock, or semanphores to implement your own readers-writers solution.
4. Robust to errors and even malformed or malicious input, long-running processes should react to different types of errors.
5. avoid segmentation fault, lack of memory leaks, file descriptor leaks.
6. evaluate use most recent version of Mozilla FireFox.


# work process
1. read source code of csapp.c and tiny.c, get familier with network programming apis.
2. by setting firefox proxy configuration, request can send to proxy successfully.
3. get request information from browser, and parsed into request struct.
4. check how to send request to server side.